Update biosy MK29 (#1446)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/axel-fox.md

At the next show, [Gruba Przesada](@/e/ppw/2025-01-25-ppw-gruba-przesada.md), Mister Z offered Axel a chance to join him to achieve success, instead of allying himself with "losers" such as Goblin. Axel denied Z's offer, as he was joined by The Hardcores ([Biesiad](@/w/biesiad.md) and [Johnny Blade](@/w/johnny-blade.md)), who saved him from an unfair beatdown at the hands of Zmowa.

Before [Teraz Albo Nigdy](@/e/ppw/2025-03-15-ppw-teraz-albo-nigdy.md) Fox declared himself as one of the competitors in 20 Typa 20 Broni Rumble Match to gain an opportunity for a Title Match at [Ledwo Legalne 5](@/e/ppw/2025-06-07-ppw-ledwo-legalne-5.md). He managed to get into final two, but his rival turned out to be Goblin. Ultimately Fox was eliminated by his tag team partner and friend.

### Legacy of Wrestling (2024-present)

> On November 20th, 2024 [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) announced that Axel Fox would replace [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in the main event of [their first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). During the matchagainst the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), Axel was initially declared the winner, but due to a minimal rope break which wasn't noticed by [Referee Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) during the count, [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) intervened with [Arkadiusz Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) and Legacy's Mister Chairman, to immediately restart the match. This resulted in Fox's loss by technical submission, much to his despair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On November 20th, 2024 [Legacy of Wrestling](@/o/low.md) announced that Axel Fox would replace [Wiktor Longman](@/w/wiktor-longman.md) in the main event of [their first show](@/e/low/2024-12-01-low-1.md). During the match against the [PpW Champion](@/c/ppw-championship.md) [Gustav Gryffin](@/w/gustav-gryffin.md), Axel was initially declared the winner, but due to a minimal rope break which went unnoticed by [Referee Seweryn](@/w/sedzia-seweryn.md) during the count, [Sinister](@/w/sinister.md) intervened with [Arkadiusz Paterek](@/w/arek-paterek.md) and Legacy's Mister Chairman, to immediately restart the match. This resulted in Fox's loss by technical submission, much to his despair.
```
